there are some things that you should
know about me secrets this town is full
owned
you must be lost he's Hollywood is 2,000
miles that way
you
Hey huh don't forget to bring my boy go
hard she's already got you
it's were even with faith and I with
Jewish you could have had either one of
them you could have had any guy you
wanted but you had to have them vote you
could have anyone and I only wanted one
like I said earlier I got plenty of
secret pitney talents and are they
dealing oh you are still oh come on let
him go now as an act he doesn't even
know
welcome back to Shiloh the thing about
secrets is that no matter how much we
love them or how hard we try to keep
them they tend to find a way to show
their sales and when they do there's
always a price to pay
usually that price is more than we can
I think sometimes no matter how hard we
try to fight it or how hard we try to
forget there are just some places some
people that make a mark on you that you
can't shape no matter how far you've run
they shape who you are
they're as much a part of your life is
breathing and you know that if you're
ever going to be home or take a deep
breath again you just have to accept
that fact matter just hold your breath
and see what happens me I'm ready to
breathe again